Questions Sensor System: 
(30 min for the first lab part, then 10-15 min for the questions on lab, then 15-20 min for the questions on theory)

//FIRST ORAL
//LAB 
-IR: read the temperature sensor, send the value with IR, receive it and show it on Display
	why did you enable the scan conversion mode?
	why do you need PWM for this kind of communication? -> to do modulation
	is the USART that need modulation? No, it's the optical communication
	Why do we need modulation? to prevent interference
	To transmit with the LED, how many timers do you use?
	why we don't use USART also to manage the sending of the data with the IR? we cannot use directly the USART 
		is there a smarter way to design the hardware pcb to also exploit the usart?
//THEORY 
-Describe the infrared temperature sensor
	what is the relation between the power and the temperature of the object? is it a linear dependency? do you remember the equation?
	do objects with lower temperature have a peak of emission at lower or higher frequency? at higher wavelenght because they are less energetic
	Describe how to implement the infrared sensor
-Quantum detectors are similar to another type of detector that we used. the physical structure is identical and just the material change. which is it? The photodiodes (is a PN Junction made with silicon)
	why i cannot use the photodiode made in silicon for detection?
-why in the Bolometer, we say that it's a 2 step convertion?
	Bolomiter is a contact temperature sensor, instead infrared is used in non contact. Describe the structure of the bolomiter

//SECOND ORAL
//LAB
-Acquire Potentiometer with ADC: produce a sound proportional to the Potentiometer value
	How do we implement the timer, what are the main component of it? Draw it.
	which is the input and the output of the prescaler?
	we mentioned the counter, how do we generate a square wave? capture and compare register, duty cycle, ecc...
//THEORY
-Describe parameters that are used to describe sensor in general, and say the parameters for a sensor in particular.
	Parameter of the termocouple
	Interval and differential non-linearity
	Can you make an example of a sensor that can have high or low accuracy? if you measure the temperature at different times it can provide different measures
-Describe the importance of transfer function in microphones
-Describe the dinamic range: it is a relation
	I have a minimum amplitude that i can measure, what is the minimum?
-Which is the maximum signal and which is the noise?


//just to give you an idea of the GRADE:
LAB: 25 because he did all the code correctly, but there was a small problem that didn't allow it to work
THEORY: 26 because he answered everything but sometimes he needed some help in recognizing the sensors 
+2 points for the lab part
Final grade: (25+26)/2 + 2 = 27
	
